High-performing infrastructure configurations take
time to develop and the work is really never done.
Over time, new technologies and approaches become
available that can improve the performance of your workloads.
When you take a data-driven approach to making configuration decisions,
you will find that there is always an optimization,
a modification, or an upgrade available that can save time and money,
improved performance, and increase user satisfaction.
Taking a thoughtful approach to performance optimization involves monitoring,
testing, and reviews based on your benchmarks,
and ultimately your production goals.
The data will lead you to choose the best resources,
services, and configurations, for your applications and infrastructure.
So here's what we covered in this lesson.
Scaling to meet performance needs, storage optimization options,
archiving for optimal cost and performance,
database performance optimization,
message queues for application decoupling and buffering,
and networking for minimal latency.
In the next lesson,
we're going to dive into serverless computing.
We will explore the three fully managed services that
you can use to build and run serverless applications;
AWS Lambda, API Gateway, and DynamoDB.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6